[RFC-774] Remove documentation for implicit route model (#1907)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/routing/specifying-a-routes-model.md

}
```

In the `model` hook for routes with dynamic segments, it's your job to
turn the ID (something like `47` or `post-slug`) into a model that can
be rendered by the route's template.

In the above example, we could use the post's ID (`params.post_id`) as
an argument to EmberData's `findRecord` method.

```javascript {data-filename=app/routes/post.js}
import Route from '@ember/routing/route';
import { service } from '@ember/service';

export default class PostRoute extends Route {
  @service store;

  model(params) {
    return this.store.findRecord('post', params.post_id);
  }
}
```

Note that currently, if `model` is not specified, Ember will attempt
to automatically find a store and use it for lookup. This behavior

> is unreliable and will be removed in future Ember versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a common source of confusion and will be removed in future Ember versions.
```
